Making changes requested by Revanth and Nishant (#25)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/gateway/create-mesh.md

                    "Magento-Environment-Id": "<your_environment_id>",
                    "Magento-Website-Code": "base",
                    "Content-Type": "application/json",
                    "Magento-Store-Code": "main_website_store",
                    "Magento-Store-View-Code": "default"
                  },
                  "schemaHeaders": {
                    "x-api-key": "search_gql",
                    "Magento-Environment-Id": "<your_environment_id>",
                    "Magento-Website-Code": "base",
                    "Content-Type": "application/json",
                    "Magento-Store-Code": "main_website_store",
                    "Magento-Store-View-Code": "default"
                  }
                }
              }
            }
          ]
        }
    }
```

## Create a project

When you [create a mesh], you must assign the mesh to a specific project. To create a new project, log in to the [Adobe Developer Console] and [create a project].

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

Each workspace within a project can only have one mesh associated with it at a time.

### Add a workspace to your project

> If you are [creating a templated project], you can add [workspaces]. Workspaces allow you to create separate Production and Stage environments. You can also create workspaces for each developer on your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are [creating a templated project], you can add [workspaces]. Workspaces allow you to create separate environments. You can also create up to 5 workspaces per project.
```

@prabhuram93 is that accurate? 5 workspaces per project.

                    "Magento-Store-View-Code": "default"
                  }
                }
              }
            }
          ]
        }
    }
```

## Create an API Key

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

Only mesh owners can create API Keys. If you do not have access to [Adobe Developer Console], contact your mesh owner.

To access the gateway and perform GraphQL queries, you need to provide an API Key to authorize access to your mesh. To create your API Key:

1. In [Adobe Developer Console], select the desired organization from the dropdown in the top-right corner.

    ![create a project](../_images/create-project.png)

1. Select an existing project or [create a new one](#create-a-project).

1. Inside the project, click **Add API**.

    ![add an api](../_images/add-api.png)

1. Select **API Mesh for Adobe Developer App Builder** and click **Next**.

    ![add an api mesh](../_images/add-api-mesh.png)

1. The **Allowed Domain** field is not currently enforced. Enter any valid test domain to proceed.

    ![add an allowed domain](../_images/allowed-domain.png)

1. Click **Save configured API**. Copy your **API Key** from the Project Overview page.

>     ![api key](../_images/api-key.png)

Reviewer 2: I can't comment on the png file directly... Should the API key be blurred?

Author: Maybe? I have already deleted/disabled that key, but it could be a legitimate key in the future. @revanth0212 what are your thoughts?

Reviewer: Good point guys. Let's blur it for safety.

Author: Blurred in latest commit

    aio api-mesh:create mesh.json
    ```

>    **NOTE:** When creating or updating a mesh, the file to upload must have the `.json` filename extension.

Author: @keharper i can't get inline alerts to work inside of ordered lists. unindented, they break numbering. indented, the text doesn't display inside the text box. just fyi, since moving it resolves this

Each workspace within a project can only have one mesh associated with it at a time.

> ## Mesh example

Reviewer 3: Can we move this example above the command and move the existing one down below?

The following mesh file can be used with minimal setup to access the endpoint of the [Venia] demo store.

``` json
{
"meshConfig": {
    "sources": [
      {
        "name": "Commerce",
        "handler": {
          "graphql": {
            "endpoint": "https://venia.magento.com/graphql/"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 3: For Accessing the gateway, are we documenting the steps for logging into the dev console and creating a key? cc: @revanth0212

Reviewer 3: Since this is a developer guide folks looking at it are most like developers. They need a way to create API keys to access the mesh and I'd assume they will have access to the developer console. I don't see a need to call it out for customers.
